[irods/irods7268] Add extra warning to advise users against using on() (#270)
irods/irods_docs: docs/plugins/irods_rule_language.md

}
~~~

> &#x26A0;&#xFE0F; **Use of `on()` may lead to unexpected behavior!** If all rule conditions for a rule fail, the rule will return an error! Use `if()` for simple conditions.

Reviewer: Consider the `!!! Note` block notation for this pullout.

example...
https://github.com/irods/irods_docs/blob/95425578aa9bcdce629096f6aacd42387e957604/docs/release_notes.md?plain=1#L2061-L2062

```suggestion
 !!! Note
     Use of `on()` may lead to unexpected behavior. If all `on()` conditions within a rule fail, the rule will return an error. Consider use of `if()` for more familiar flow control.
```

Also consider whether this would be better placed at the beginning of the ```### Rule Condition``` section a little farther down - near line 590?

Reviewer 2: Agreed. Even though `on()` is used here (and elsewhere, I'd imagine), it seems most appropriate to steer toward using `if()` in the conditional section.

### Rule Condition

!!! Note

>     **Use of `on()` may lead to unexpected behavior!** If all rule conditions for a rule fail, the rule will return an error! Use `if()` for simple conditions.

Reviewer 2: The rich diff looks a little strange here. "!!! Note" is actually being printed in addition to getting the indentation with the little bar on the left. Does this look right when it's rendered in the docs?

Author: Rich diff?
Here's what I see:
![temp](https://github.com/irods/irods_docs/assets/127796673/db2c6ee5-572d-4acf-8858-6a6a0ab75643)

Reviewer 2: Oh, I think the diff in github must render differently. What you showed looks better! Resolving this

>     **Use of `on()` may lead to unexpected behavior!** If all rule conditions for a rule fail, the rule will return an error! Use `if()` for simple conditions.

Reviewer 3: Something about `for simple conditions.` doesn't sit right with me.

That phrase implies there's a way to exactly identify a simple condition vs a complex condition when in fact that is subjective.

What if we just said - "Prefer using `if()` instead of `on()`."

Thoughts?

Reviewer: i had changed the wording up above in my suggestion.   search for 'familiar'...

Reviewer 3: The wording you provided is good too. I'm fine with using that.

Author: Oops, missed the additional wording change above. Added!

>     **Use of `on()` may lead to unexpected behavior!** If all rule conditions for a rule fail, the rule will return an error! Consider use of `if()` for more familiar flow control. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use of `on()` may lead to unexpected behavior. If all `on()` conditions within a rule fail, the rule will return an error. Consider use of `if()` for more familiar flow control.
```
